First, you will have to create a cookbook dictionary called cookbook.

cookbook will store 3 recipes:

sandwich
cake
salad
Each recipe will store 3 values:

ingredients: a list of ingredients
meal: type of meal
prep_time: preparation time in minutes
Sandwich's ingredients are ham, bread, cheese and tomatoes. It is a lunch and it takes 10 minutes of preparation. Cake's ingredients are flour, sugar and eggs. It is a dessert and it takes 60 minutes of preparation. Salad's ingredients are avocado, arugula, tomatoes and spinach. It is a lunch and it takes 15 minutes of preparation.

Get to know dictionaries. In the first place, try to print only the keys of the dictionary. Then only the values. And to conclude, all the items.

Write a function to print a recipe from cookbook. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

Write a function to delete a recipe from the dictionary. The function parameter will be: name of the recipe.

Write a function to add a new recipe to cookbook with its ingredients, its meal type and its preparation time. The function parameters will be: name of recipe, ingredients, meal and prep_time.

Write a function to print all recipe names from cookbook. Think about formatting the output.

Last but not least, make a program using the four functions you just created. The program will prompt the user to make a choice between printing the cookbook, printing only one recipe, adding a recipe, deleting a recipe or quitting the cookbook.

It could look like the example below but feel free to organize it the way you want to